c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\obj\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests.pdb
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.DAL.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.DAL.pdb
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.pdb
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\obj\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests\obj\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.Tests.pdb
