c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.pdb
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\obj\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.dll
c:\users\copey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\obj\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.pdb
C:\Users\Copey\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\obj\Debug\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Copey\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.DAL.dll
C:\Users\Copey\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation\bin\PurpleBricksCodeEvaluation.DAL.pdb
